Change `selector` and `specificity` rules for standard CSS nesting and modern functional pseudo-classes (#8913)
stylelint/stylelint: lib/rules/selector-max-id/README.md

 * This type of selector */
```

> Each selector in a [selector list](https://www.w3.org/TR/selectors4/#selector-list) is evaluated separately.

Reviewer: [suggestion] It is not directly related to this PR, but the link to "_selector list_" in the CSS Selector spec seems incorrect. The correct one seems to be:

```suggestion
Each selector in a [selector list](https://www.w3.org/TR/selectors-4/#grouping) is evaluated separately.
```

- `#selector-list` refers to a "_selector list_" term in a description
- `#grouping` refers to a heading called "_4.1. Selector Lists_"

The latter seems more comprehensive. 

However, this suggestion is optional. We probably should modify such links with another PR together with other documents:

```sh-session
$ git grep -l '#selector-list'
lib/rules/selector-max-attribute/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-class/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-combinators/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-compound-selectors/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-id/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-pseudo-class/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-specificity/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-type/README.md
lib/rules/selector-max-universal/README.md
```
